AST-2862 - Theme preview not displaying properly on wordpress.org preview (#4935)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: exclude_from_search query parameter removed from get_post_types list to get CPTs under Customizer > Custom Post Types  section, case of CartFlows Step custom post type.
- Fix: Archive - Title area 2 - Archive type title gets added as prefix on archive pages.
- Fix: Text transformed to 'capitalize' for single post titles & archive titles after 4.0.0.

> - Fix: Theme preview not displaying properly on wordpress.org preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Theme preview showing title area on the banner section for the homepage.
```
